# SL01  Invalid SponsorLink Configuration

The SponsorLink code analysis didn't get the project properties and items 
it requires to perform sponsorship checks.

The [Devlooped.SponsorLink](https://nuget.org/packages/Devlooped.SponsorLink) 
package includes MSBuild targets that automatically configure consuming projects 
so the relevant values are passed to the code analysis.

This diagnostic error will typically be the result of an attempt to disable 
SponsorLink, or a missing/pending nuget restore. In the latter case, it will 
just go away after a proper restore, when the check is run again in a subsequent 
build.

One way users might attempt to disable SponsorLink might be to try to disable 
the build and/or analyzer assets it provides, by tweaking the package reference
which would otherwise be included automatically as part of a library dependency:

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <PackageReference Include="LibraryThatDependsOnSponsorLink" ... />
  <PackageReference Include="Devlooped.SponsorLink" ExcludeAssets="build,analyzers" ...>
</ItemGroup>
```

This configuration will attempt to turn off the SponsorLink check, causing this 
diagnostic since the library that depends on SponsorLink is the one actually 
running the check, and the expected build and analyzer assets provided by it 
are missing.

Another way to attempt to disable SponsorLink is to try to remove properties 
it uses to run from the analyzer context via custom MSBuild targets. For 
example, SponsorLink uses the `DesignTimeBuild` and `BuildingInsideVisualStudio` 
properties to determine whether it should run at all. So a developer might 
be tempted to try to remove those properties so SponsorLink won't run, causing 
this error:

```xml
<Target Name="TryToDisableSponsorLink"
        BeforeTargets="GenerateMSBuildEditorConfigFileShouldRun">
  <ItemGroup>
    <CompilerVisibleProperty Remove="DesignTimeBuild" />
    <CompilerVisibleProperty Remove="BuildingInsideVisualStudio" />
  </ItemGroup>
</Target>
```

Note that setting `DesignTimeBuild=false` or `BuildingInsideVisualStudio=false` 
to try to achieve the same will have potentially disastrous consequences to 
Visual Studio performance while editing code.

## Solution

Remove MSBuild elements that manipulate the above items, or tweaks to the 
implicit (or explicit) package reference to `Devlooped.SponsorLink`.

## Feedback

If you encounter this error outside of the above scenarios, please report 
it [in our discussions](https://github.com/devlooped/SponsorLink/discussions) 
forum or [file an issue](https://github.com/devlooped/SponsorLink/issues).